The Wyvern project
==================
The Wyvern programming language is a new language designed to smooth the use of internal DSLs in the form of type-specific languages.

Code examples can be found as part of our [testsuite](tools/src/wyvern/tools/tests/embedded), where TSL use can be seen in both tsl.test and parselang.test.

To run Wyvern, run bin/wyvern from the root directory after compiling, or run wyvern.tools.interpreter. No compilation target is currently avaliable.

Documentation is mostly in the form of research papers, which can be found from https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aldrich/wyvern/.

Layout
-----------------
The tools directory contains the Wyvern compiler, the command line interface, and the supported tests.

From this point onwards, we refer to paths relative to ``./tools/src``.

The compiler itself is within ``wyvern/tools``, with most of its support files also contained within that directory.

The currently maintained examples of Wyvern are part of the Wyvern compiler test suite, in ``wyvern/tools/tests/embedded``. These tests use a DSL for each test, where each test is in a block of the form

```
  test [testname]([expected value]:[expected type])
    [test code]
```

``wyvern/tools/errors`` contains error reporting utility code.

``wyvern/tools/imports`` contains the various systems that resolve different types of imports.

``wyvern/tools/parsing`` contains the parser, as well as a number of AST elements that support parsing.

``wyvern/tools/typedAST`` contains the AST elements, which define both typechecking and interpreted evaluation.

``wyvern/tools/types`` contains the types that Wyvern uses.

``wyvern/tools/util`` contains a number of common utilities used by many of the other compiler elements.

Compilation
-----------------
Wyvern requires the Java 8 JDK.

It is strongly reccomended to use an IDE to compile Wyvern. Eclipse Kepler and IntelliJ 13 or up are supported. Please import the included project in tools/.project to do so.

Wyvern depends on a number of autogenerated files. Generating these files is the sole responsibillity of build.xml, and running this build is required before the compiler can be built.


License
---------------
See [COPYING.TXT](COPYING.TXT) for the GPLv2 license under which this software is distributed.
